Point to the latest URL for the description. (#5852)
networkx/networkx: doc/reference/glossary.rst

   dictionary
      A Python dictionary maps keys to values. Also known as "hashes",
      or "associative arrays" in other programming languages.

>       See https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html#dictionaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      See :ref:`the Python tutorial on dictionaries <tut-dictionaries>`
```
